My name is Ubaldo Acosta. I hope you're
ready to begin. Let's review the general
agenda of the Java Enterprise Edition
course. Are you ready? let's go
Starting: Introduction to Java EE. In this
section we'll study an introduction to
Java Enterprise Technology (Java EE). We'll
see: What is an enterprise application?
what is Java EE? and several of the API's
that includes it. We'll look at the history
of Java Enterprise versions from the
time J2EE was named to the current
evolution known as Jakarta EE, and we'll
mention the architecture which will work
throughout the course. We'll also carry out
the installation of the tools that we'll
use throughout the course and we'll
create a first hello world project with
Java EE. EJB's:
Enterprise JavaBeans: In this section
we'll review what Enterprise JavaBeans
are. We'll see the characteristics of a
EJB's, the configuration and the types
of EJB's that exist in Java EE. We'll
also review the way to communicate with
an EJB by creating a Java client
Likewise, we'll review the differences
between EJB and EJB Light, since it's
possible to deploy the EJB's in a web
server or full Java servers. We'll do
several exercises to put these concepts
into practice
Persistence: Java Persistence API. We'll
review the Java Persistence API
concept in Java EE. We'll study the
characteristics of the JPA and the role
they fulfill within a Java EE
architecture. We'll see the concept of
Entity Classes and the concept of Entity
Manager and Persistence Unit. We'll create
several exercises to put these issues
into practice. Servlets and JSP's:
Integration with Servlets and JSPs. In
this section we'll analyze the
Integration of Servlet technology and
JavaServer Pages technologies within
Java EE.
We'll see how to use EJB's within
Servlets and we'll apply the MVC design
pattern to implement this integration of
business technologies. JSF:
Integration with JavaServer Faces. In
this section will student integration of
technologies between JSF and Java EE. The
JavaServer faces layer will be extended
with the PrimeFaces API, which is one of
the most used JSF extension today. We
will create an exercise with a 3
layer architecture and implement the
integration between JSF, Primefaces, EJB's
and JPA. Intercommunication: Web Services
(SOAP and REST) we will see the topic of
Web Services in Java EE. There are
different ways to create Web Services
with Java EE, such as SOAP Web Services
(JAX-WS API) and REST Web Services (JAX-RS
API). We'll see how to create web services
with this API's, and also the client of
these Web Services. We'll do several
exercises to put these concepts into
practice. Security: Security in Java EE. We'll
review the security topic in Java EE
will add security to our web interface
to our EJB's
and Web Services. In addition, to validate
each of the clients to pass the security
established by the application will
create several exercises to put this
concept into practice. Integrating All:
Creation of real-world web application
with JSF, PrimeFaces, AJAX,  EJB, JPA, Web
Services and Security. We'll create an
application which will integrate
everything seen in the course from basic
topics to more advanced topics. This
application will have a 3-layer
architecture and will perfectly define
the role of each technology in this
practical application which will serve
as the basis for your own Java and
enterprise applications using
technologies such as JSF with Prime
Faces, including AJAX, EJB's and their
clients, Web Services and its Customers
and all adding security in our Java EE
application. Broadly speaking this is a
general agenda of the Java EE course
these are just some of the many more
topics we'll learn throughout this
course, so if you're ready, let's start
immediately :)